Update IDOLS tournament (#11503)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/osu!_UCI/IDOLS/en.md

# Irvine's Definitive osu! LAN Spring

![IDOLS banner](img/banner.png)

**Irvine's Definitive osu! LAN Spring** (***IDOLS***) was an osu! and 4K osu!mania BYOC LAN tournament hosted by [osu! UCI](/wiki/Community/Organisations/osu!_UCI). It took place at the University of California, Irvine.

## Event details

![Map of the Student Center showing Woods Cove rooms](img/woods-cove.png "Woods Cove rooms in the Student Center")

The event took place on Saturday, 25 May, 2024 from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. PDT. It was located in the UCI Student Center (311 W Peltason Dr, Irvine, CA 92697), in the Woods Cove rooms.

> ### Tournament schedule

Reviewer: would look much better as a table 🤔

## Prizes

> Prizes were / will be awarded to both osu! and osu!mania winners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prizes were/will be awarded to both osu! and osu!mania winners.
```

| [Putzy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23664366) | 0 | **4** | [Kahli](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8926244) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114029164) |

##### Losers

| Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| [-Agent](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12404995) | 1 | **4** | [RocketeerRover](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14477332) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114029948) |
| [Muff1nkat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12404447) | 0 | **4** | [Kenny](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1225459) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114030020) |
| [Daprin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10961983) | **4** | 1 | [Xpxp](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10809086) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114030091) |
| [AccNome](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10976433) | **4** | 1 | [Putzy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23664366) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114029988) |

#### Qualifiers

Qualifiers were played across two main matches, and some further matches required by players who had connection issues.

- [Lobby 1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114026610)
- [Lobby 2](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/114026678)

> See the [Qualifiers results Google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14ogPEpFzPskknlTIlLvSRJVfdq5bxzZoU0L2wwHaJ-M/edit) for a more detailed log of performances on individual maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Qualifier results spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14ogPEpFzPskknlTIlLvSRJVfdq5bxzZoU0L2wwHaJ-M/edit) for a more detailed log of performances on individual maps.
```
